README.md, before:

# Crypto Influencer Reputation API

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+ (3.10.2 as tested)
- Twitter API credentials, from datura.ai

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:ToomasRo/twitter-influence.git
cd twitter-influence
```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


5. Set up environment variables:
Create a `.env` file in the project root and add:
```
DATURA_API_KEY=your_twitter_api_key
LLM_API_KEY=your_llm_api_key
```
(Just copy the file `.env.EXAMPLE`, rename it to `.env` and populate it)

## Running the Application

1. Start Redis server:
```bash
uvicorn src.api:app --reload
```
(or `python3.13 -m uvicorn src.api:app --reload`)

## API Endpoints

- `GET /top_users` - Returns a list of top users
- `GET /latest_posts/{username}` - Returns the latest posts for a specific username

## API Documentation

Once the server is running, you can access the API documentation at:
- Swagger UI: `http://localhost:8000/docs`

## Architecture

## Data Collection

Using Twitter API, the top 20 posts per ticker were scraped from Twitter for each day in 2024. Our chosen tickers were BTC, ETH, BNB, XRP, TORUS, and the query sent to Twitter API searched top posts for these tickers one by one while excluding posts that include the words “send”, “address”, and “receive” (This was done to exclude posts that asked for ‘likes/replies’ in trade of a chance of winning 1BTC, etc).

Then, for each of these top posts, the 20 top replies to the post were found by using Twitter API to query top posts with matching conversation ID.

These scraped daily top tweets for each ticker, containing its top replies are stored in scraped_data.json and would be updated daily in the future.

## Sentiment Analysis

## Scoring Algorithm

## Debate Analyser

Commit message:

Update README.md for debate summary

README.md, after:

# Crypto Influencer Reputation API

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+ (3.10.2 as tested)
- Twitter API credentials, from datura.ai

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:ToomasRo/twitter-influence.git
cd twitter-influence
```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


5. Set up environment variables:
Create a `.env` file in the project root and add:
```
DATURA_API_KEY=your_twitter_api_key
LLM_API_KEY=your_llm_api_key
```
(Just copy the file `.env.EXAMPLE`, rename it to `.env` and populate it)

## Running the Application

1. Start Redis server:
```bash
uvicorn src.api:app --reload
```
(or `python3.13 -m uvicorn src.api:app --reload`)

## API Endpoints

- `GET /top_users` - Returns a list of top users
- `GET /latest_posts/{username}` - Returns the latest posts for a specific username

## API Documentation

Once the server is running, you can access the API documentation at:
- Swagger UI: `http://localhost:8000/docs`

## Architecture

## Data Collection

Using Twitter API, the top 20 posts per ticker were scraped from Twitter for each day in 2024. Our chosen tickers were BTC, ETH, BNB, XRP, TORUS, and the query sent to Twitter API searched top posts for these tickers one by one while excluding posts that include the words “send”, “address”, and “receive” (This was done to exclude posts that asked for ‘likes/replies’ in trade of a chance of winning 1BTC, etc).

Then, for each of these top posts, the 20 top replies to the post were found by using Twitter API to query top posts with matching conversation ID.

These scraped daily top tweets for each ticker, containing its top replies are stored in scraped_data.json and would be updated daily in the future.

## Sentiment Analysis

## Scoring Algorithm

## Debate Summariser

We use Open AI’s API with GPT-4 to summarize debates on Twitter for different coins. 

First, we clean the tweets that we wish to summarize, and extract parameters that are relevant for summaries, such as the reputation scores associated with the original poster and with those who have replied. We generate custom prompts depending on the currency, instructing OpenAI to use the additional fields supplied, such as reputation scores. We make an API call to return the summary of the tweet feed.
